Scrum Meeting on October 24: We set up the program to our GitHub. We added our usernames, so that everyone can access the project.

Scrum Meeting on October 25: Today we talked about and the sprint goals and its tasks and still have to assign who does which task. We have to set up PlanningPoker and create User Stories.

Scrum Meeting on October 26: We met to assign the tasks and PlanningPoker is set up.

Scrum Meeting on October 31st: We met for 15 minutes and went over our project plan for the next few days. Jake and Niky need to download docker. Jake will start looking into the database. Niky will continue working on the Jenkins server. 

Scrum Meeting on November 1st: We met for 10 minutes during class and assigned story points to the main features of the project through planning poker. Niky is still working on the Jenkins server. 

Scrum Meeting on November 3rd: Jake has started working on getting the server working on his computer for the final project. Niky is still working on
jenkins with some help from Jake. 

Scrum Meeting on November 7th: Jake is still working on the server. Jenkins does not work. 

Scrum Meeting on November 8th: Jake needs the specifics on the data to get the server working. Jenkins does not work. 

Scrum Meeting on November 10th: Jenkins does not work. Jake got the server to work on his computer. 

Scrum Meeting on November 14th: Jenkins is not working and multiple members of the team have tried different strategies. 

Scrum Meeting on November 15th: Kevin created a book class in order to refactor the current code. Jenkins is still not working but there is more progress. 

Scrum Meeting on November 17th: Everyone is expected to work on their individual feature over break. 

Week off for Thanksgiving break

Scrum Meeting on November 28th: We got together to figure out what is left to do for our progress report during class the next day. Jake finished his feature,
Niky, Kevin, and Achim are half way through their features. Jenkins still doesn't work. 

Scrum Meeting on November 29th: We presented on our project so far and got some feedback on our presentation from Dr. Rahman.

Scrum Meeting on December 1st: Niky and Jake have completed their feature. Niky shared the powerpoint and final document presentation. Everyone is expected to work on their 
specific feature and the we are dividing the rest of the work. 
